!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
A	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int A = 6;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
ADD	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int ADD = 1 << 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
ALPHA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int ALPHA = 4;  \/\/ image$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
ALPHA_MASK	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int ALPHA_MASK = 0xff000000;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
ARGB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int ARGB = 2;  \/\/ image$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
ApplicationTest	rainbow-lib/src/androidTest/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/ApplicationTest.java	/^    public ApplicationTest() {$/;"	m	class:ApplicationTest
ApplicationTest	rainbow-lib/src/androidTest/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/ApplicationTest.java	/^public class ApplicationTest extends ApplicationTestCase<Application> {$/;"	c
B	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int B = 5;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
BLEND	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int BLEND = 1 << 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
BLUE_MASK	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int BLUE_MASK = 0x000000ff;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
BLUR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int BLUR = 11;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
BORDER_OFFSET	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private static final int BORDER_OFFSET = 5;$/;"	f	class:LuminanceMap	file:
BURN	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int BURN = 1 << 13;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
Blob	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public Blob() {$/;"	m	class:Blob
Blob	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^public class Blob {$/;"	c
BlobDetection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public BlobDetection(RainbowImage rainbowImage) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
BlobDetection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public BlobDetection(RainbowImage rainbowImage, int maxNumberOfBlobs) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
BlobDetection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^public class BlobDetection {$/;"	c
CENTER	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int CENTER = 3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
CHORD	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int CHORD = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
CLEAR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int CLEAR = -200;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
CLOSE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int CLOSE = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
CORNER	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int CORNER = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
CORNERS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int CORNERS = 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
CaptureSketchUtils	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/CaptureSketchUtils.java	/^public abstract class CaptureSketchUtils {$/;"	c
DAMP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private static final float DAMP = 0.6f;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
DARKEST	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int DARKEST = 1 << 4;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
DEFAULT_FRAME_RATE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_FRAME_RATE = 60;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow
DEFAULT_MAX_NUMBER_OF_BLOBS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private static final int DEFAULT_MAX_NUMBER_OF_BLOBS = 750;$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
DEFAULT_STROKE_CAP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_STROKE_CAP = ROUND;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
DEFAULT_STROKE_JOIN	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_STROKE_JOIN = MITER;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
DEFAULT_STROKE_WEIGHT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final float DEFAULT_STROKE_WEIGHT = 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
DEFAULT_VERTICES	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final int DEFAULT_VERTICES = 512;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
DEG_TO_RAD	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float DEG_TO_RAD = PI \/ 180.0f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
DIAMETER	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int DIAMETER = 3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
DIFFERENCE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int DIFFERENCE = 1 << 5;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
DILATE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int DILATE = 18;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
DIVISIONS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private static final int DIVISIONS = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
DODGE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int DODGE = 1 << 12;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
DOWN	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT$/;"	e	enum:RainbowInputController.MovementDirection	file:
DrawingStepTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/DrawingStepTask.java	/^    DrawingStepTask(Rainbow rainbow) {$/;"	m	class:DrawingStepTask
DrawingStepTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/DrawingStepTask.java	/^class DrawingStepTask extends TimerTask {$/;"	c
EDGE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int EDGE = 12;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
EPSILON	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float EPSILON = 0.0001f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
ERODE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int ERODE = 17;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
ERROR_BACKGROUND_IMAGE_FORMAT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final String ERROR_BACKGROUND_IMAGE_FORMAT =$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
ERROR_BACKGROUND_IMAGE_SIZE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final String ERROR_BACKGROUND_IMAGE_SIZE =$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
ERROR_MIN_MAX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final String ERROR_MIN_MAX = "Cannot use min() or max() on an empty array.";$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
EXCLUSION	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int EXCLUSION = 1 << 6;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
EdgeDetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public EdgeDetector() {$/;"	m	class:EdgeDetector
EdgeDetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^public class EdgeDetector {$/;"	c
EdgeVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/EdgeVertex.java	/^    public EdgeVertex(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:EdgeVertex
EdgeVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/EdgeVertex.java	/^public class EdgeVertex {$/;"	c
FingerPositionSmoother	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^class FingerPositionSmoother {$/;"	c
G	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int G = 4;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
GRAY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int GRAY = 12;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
GREEN_MASK	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int GREEN_MASK = 0x0000ff00;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
HALF_PI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float HALF_PI = PI \/ 2.0f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
HARD_LIGHT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int HARD_LIGHT = 1 << 10;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
HAS_NORMAL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int HAS_NORMAL = 36;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
HIGH	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        HIGH(4),$/;"	e	enum:RainbowDrawer.Precision	file:
HSB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int HSB = 3;  \/\/ color$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
IMAGE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int IMAGE = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
INVERT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int INVERT = 13;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
LEFT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT$/;"	e	enum:RainbowInputController.MovementDirection	file:
LIGHTEST	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int LIGHTEST = 1 << 3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
LINES	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int LINES = 5;   \/\/ beginShape(), createShape()$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
LOAD_CENTER_CROP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int LOAD_CENTER_CROP = 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
LOAD_CENTER_INSIDE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int LOAD_CENTER_INSIDE = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
LOAD_ORIGINAL_SIZE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int LOAD_ORIGINAL_SIZE = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
LOW	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        LOW(32);$/;"	e	enum:RainbowDrawer.Precision	file:
LineExplorer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    public LineExplorer(RainbowDrawer.Precision precision, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer
LineExplorer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^class LineExplorer {$/;"	c
LoadPictureListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public interface LoadPictureListener {$/;"	i	class:RainbowImage
LogOnExceptionRunnable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^        public LogOnExceptionRunnable(Runnable theRunnable) {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor.LogOnExceptionRunnable
LogOnExceptionRunnable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    private class LogOnExceptionRunnable implements Runnable {$/;"	c	class:SafeScheduledExecutor
LuminanceMap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    protected LuminanceMap(int width, int height, float[] luminanceValues, boolean[] visitedPixels) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
LuminanceMap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^public class LuminanceMap {$/;"	c
MATCH_PARENT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^    private static final int MATCH_PARENT = ViewGroup.LayoutParams.MATCH_PARENT;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTextureView	file:
MATCH_PARENT_PARAMS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^    private static final ViewGroup.LayoutParams MATCH_PARENT_PARAMS = new ViewGroup.LayoutParams(MATCH_PARENT, MATCH_PARENT);$/;"	f	class:RainbowTextureView	file:
MAX_ISO_VALUE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private static final float MAX_ISO_VALUE = 3.0f * 255.0f;$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
MITER	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int MITER = 1 << 3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
MULTIPLY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int MULTIPLY = 1 << 7;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
MovementDirection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public enum MovementDirection {$/;"	g	class:RainbowInputController
NORMAL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        NORMAL(16),$/;"	e	enum:RainbowDrawer.Precision	file:
NORMAL_MODE_AUTO	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final int NORMAL_MODE_AUTO = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
NORMAL_MODE_SHAPE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final int NORMAL_MODE_SHAPE = 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
NORMAL_MODE_VERTEX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final int NORMAL_MODE_VERTEX = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
NO_PREVIOUS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private static final float NO_PREVIOUS = -1;$/;"	f	class:LineExplorer	file:
NX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int NX = 9;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
NY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int NY = 10;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
NZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int NZ = 11;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
OPAQUE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int OPAQUE = 14;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
OPEN	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int OPEN = 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
OPERATOR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    private int[][][] OPERATOR = new int[][][]{{{2, 2, 0}, {2, 0, -2}, {0, -2, -2}}, \/\/ Sobel$/;"	f	class:EdgeDetector	file:
OVERLAY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int OVERLAY = 1 << 9;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
OnBlobDetectedCallback	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/OnBlobDetectedCallback.java	/^public interface OnBlobDetectedCallback {$/;"	i
PERLIN_SIZE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final int PERLIN_SIZE = 4095;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
PERLIN_YWRAP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final int PERLIN_YWRAP = 1 << RainbowMath.PERLIN_YWRAPB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
PERLIN_YWRAPB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final int PERLIN_YWRAPB = 4;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
PERLIN_ZWRAP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final int PERLIN_ZWRAP = 1 << RainbowMath.PERLIN_ZWRAPB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
PERLIN_ZWRAPB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final int PERLIN_ZWRAPB = 8;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
PI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float PI = (float) Math.PI;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
PIE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int PIE = 3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
POINTS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int POINTS = 3;   \/\/ vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
POLYGON	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int POLYGON = 20;  \/\/ in the end, probably cannot$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
POSTERIZE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int POSTERIZE = 15;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
PRECISIONB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static final int PRECISIONB = 15;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
PRECISIONF	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static final int PRECISIONF = 1 << PRECISIONB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
PREC_ALPHA_SHIFT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static final int PREC_ALPHA_SHIFT = 24 - PRECISIONB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
PREC_MAXVAL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static final int PREC_MAXVAL = PRECISIONF - 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
PREC_RED_SHIFT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static final int PREC_RED_SHIFT = 16 - PRECISIONB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
PROJECT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int PROJECT = 1 << 2;  \/\/ called 'square' in the svg spec$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
PointDetectedListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public interface PointDetectedListener {$/;"	i	class:RainbowDrawer
Precision	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        Precision(int precision) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer.Precision
Precision	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public enum Precision {$/;"	g	class:RainbowDrawer
QUAD	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int QUAD = 16;  \/\/ primitive$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
QUADS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int QUADS = 17;  \/\/ vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
QUAD_STRIP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int QUAD_STRIP = 18;  \/\/ vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
QUARTER_PI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float QUARTER_PI = PI \/ 4.0f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
R	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int R = 3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
RADIUS	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int RADIUS = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
RAD_TO_DEG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float RAD_TO_DEG = 180.0f \/ PI;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
RED_MASK	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int RED_MASK = 0x00ff0000;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
REPLACE	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int REPLACE = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
RGB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int RGB = 1;  \/\/ image & color$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
RIGHT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT$/;"	e	enum:RainbowInputController.MovementDirection	file:
RMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^public interface RMatrix {$/;"	i
RMatrix2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public RMatrix2D() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
RMatrix2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public RMatrix2D(RMatrix RMatrix) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
RMatrix2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public RMatrix2D(float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
RMatrix2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^public final class RMatrix2D implements RMatrix {$/;"	c
RMatrix3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public RMatrix3D() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
RMatrix3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public RMatrix3D(RMatrix RMatrix) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
RMatrix3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public RMatrix3D(float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03, float m10, float m11, float m12, float m13, float m20, float m21, float m22, float m23, float m30, float m31, float m32, float m33) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
RMatrix3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public RMatrix3D(float m00, float m01, float m02, float m10, float m11, float m12) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
RMatrix3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^public final class RMatrix3D implements RMatrix \/* , PConstants *\/ {$/;"	c
ROUND	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int ROUND = 1 << 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
RVector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
RVector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
RVector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
RVector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^public final class RVector implements Serializable {$/;"	c
Rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    protected Rainbow(RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowInputController rainbowInputController) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
Rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    protected Rainbow(ViewGroup viewGroup) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
Rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    protected Rainbow(ViewGroup viewGroup, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowInputController rainbowInputController) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
Rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^public class Rainbow {$/;"	c
RainbowBitmapUtils	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^public class RainbowBitmapUtils {$/;"	c
RainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RainbowDrawer() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
RainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^public class RainbowDrawer {$/;"	c
RainbowGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^public abstract class RainbowGraphics extends RainbowImage {$/;"	c
RainbowGraphics2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public RainbowGraphics2D() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
RainbowGraphics2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^public class RainbowGraphics2D extends RainbowGraphics {$/;"	c
RainbowIO	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^public abstract class RainbowIO {$/;"	c
RainbowImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
RainbowImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage(Bitmap bitmap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
RainbowImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage(RainbowImage rainbowImage) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
RainbowImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage(int width, int height) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
RainbowImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage(int width, int height, int format) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
RainbowImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^public class RainbowImage implements Cloneable {$/;"	c
RainbowInputController	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public RainbowInputController(ExecutorService executor,$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
RainbowInputController	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^public class RainbowInputController {$/;"	c
RainbowInteractionListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public interface RainbowInteractionListener {$/;"	i	class:RainbowInputController
RainbowMath	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^public abstract class RainbowMath {$/;"	c
RainbowStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^public class RainbowStyle {$/;"	c
RainbowTaskScheduler	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    protected RainbowTaskScheduler(ScheduledExecutorService drawingScheduler,$/;"	m	class:RainbowTaskScheduler
RainbowTaskScheduler	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^class RainbowTaskScheduler {$/;"	c
RainbowTextureView	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^    public RainbowTextureView(ViewGroup parent, Rainbow rainbow) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTextureView
RainbowTextureView	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^public class RainbowTextureView extends TextureView {$/;"	c
SA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int SA = 16;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
SB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int SB = 15;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
SCHARR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public static int SOBEL = 0, SCHARR = 1; \/\/ indexes of the kernels in the$/;"	f	class:EdgeDetector
SCREEN	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int SCREEN = 1 << 8;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
SECOND	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    private static final long SECOND = 1000;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTaskScheduler	file:
SG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int SG = 14;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
SINCOS_LENGTH	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int SINCOS_LENGTH = (int) (360f \/ SINCOS_PRECISION);$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
SINCOS_PRECISION	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final float SINCOS_PRECISION = 0.5f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
SOBEL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public static int SOBEL = 0, SCHARR = 1; \/\/ indexes of the kernels in the$/;"	f	class:EdgeDetector
SOFT_LIGHT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int SOFT_LIGHT = 1 << 11;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
SPRING	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private static final float SPRING = 0.1f;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
SR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int SR = 13;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
STYLE_STACK_DEPTH	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static final int STYLE_STACK_DEPTH = 64;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
SUBTRACT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private final static int SUBTRACT = 1 << 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
SW	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int SW = 17;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
SafeScheduledExecutor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    private SafeScheduledExecutor(int corePoolSize) {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor	file:
SafeScheduledExecutor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^public class SafeScheduledExecutor extends ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor {$/;"	c
ScreenUpdateTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/ScreenUpdateTask.java	/^    ScreenUpdateTask(Rainbow rainbow) {$/;"	m	class:ScreenUpdateTask
ScreenUpdateTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/ScreenUpdateTask.java	/^class ScreenUpdateTask extends TimerTask {$/;"	c
SetupSketchTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    public SetupSketchTask(WeakReference<Rainbow> rainbowWeakReference) {$/;"	m	class:SetupSketchTask
SetupSketchTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^class SetupSketchTask {$/;"	c
TAG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    private static final String TAG = "PROCESSING";$/;"	f	class:RainbowBitmapUtils	file:
TAU	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float TAU = PI * 2.0f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
THIRD_PI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float THIRD_PI = PI \/ 3.0f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
THRESHOLD	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static final int THRESHOLD = 16;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
TIMEOUT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    private static final long TIMEOUT = 10;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTaskScheduler	file:
TRIANGLES	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int TRIANGLES = 9;   \/\/ vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
TRIANGLE_FAN	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int TRIANGLE_FAN = 11;  \/\/ vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
TRIANGLE_STRIP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int TRIANGLE_STRIP = 10;  \/\/ vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
TWO_PI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float TWO_PI = PI * 2.0f;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
U	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int U = 7;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
UP	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT$/;"	e	enum:RainbowInputController.MovementDirection	file:
V	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int V = 8;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
VERTEX_FIELD_COUNT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int VERTEX_FIELD_COUNT = 37;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
X	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int X = 0;  \/\/ model coords xyz (formerly MX\/MY\/MZ)$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
Y	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int Y = 1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
Z	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final int Z = 2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
a	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
abs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    private final float abs(float a) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D	file:
abs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    private static final float abs(float a) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D	file:
abs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float abs(final float n) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
abs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int abs(final int n) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
acos	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float acos(final float value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
add	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector add(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
add	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector add(RVector v1, RVector v2, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
add	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void add(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
add	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void add(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
addEdgeVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public void addEdgeVertex(EdgeVertex edgeVertex) {$/;"	m	class:Blob
addSurfaceTextureListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void addSurfaceTextureListener() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
addVertexToBlob	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void addVertexToBlob(Blob newBlob, int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
allocate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void allocate() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
allocate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void allocate() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
alpha	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float alpha(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
alpha	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float alpha(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambient	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ambient(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ambient	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ambient(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ambient	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ambient(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ambient	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ambient(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambient	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ambient(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambient	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ambient(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambientB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float ambientR, ambientG, ambientB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
ambientB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float ambientB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
ambientFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void ambientFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambientG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float ambientR, ambientG, ambientB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
ambientG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float ambientG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
ambientLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ambientLight(final float red, final float green, final float blue) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ambientLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ambientLight(final float red, final float green, final float blue, final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ambientLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ambientLight(float red, float green, float blue) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambientLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ambientLight(float red, float green, float blue, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ambientR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float ambientR, ambientG, ambientB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
ambientR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float ambientR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
angleBetween	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static float angleBetween(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
append	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object append(Object b, final Object value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
append	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] append(String b[], final String value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
append	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] append(byte b[], final byte value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
append	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] append(char b[], final char value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
append	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] append(float b[], final float value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
append	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] append(int b[], final int value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix source);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix2D source);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix3D source);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void apply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n03,$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void apply(float n00, float n01, float n02,$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix3D source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void apply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n03,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void apply(float n00, float n01, float n02,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void apply(RMatrix3D source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void apply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n03, float n10, float n11, float n12, float n13, float n20, float n21, float n22, float n23, float n30, float n31, float n32, float n33) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
apply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void apply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n10, float n11, float n12) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(final RMatrix source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(final RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(final RMatrix3D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(final float n00, final float n01, final float n02, final float n10, final float n11, final float n12) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(final float n00,$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(RMatrix source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(RMatrix3D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n10, float n11, float n12) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(float n00,$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
applyMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void applyMatrix(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n10, float n11, float n12) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
arc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void arc(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float start, final float stop) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
arc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void arc(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float start, final float stop, final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
arc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void arc(float a, float b, float c, float d, float start, float stop) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
arc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void arc(float a, float b, float c, float d, float start, float stop, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
arcImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void arcImpl(float x, float y, float w, float h, float start, float stop, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
arcImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void arcImpl(float x, float y, float w, float h, float start, float stop, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
array	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float[] array() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
array	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    transient protected float[] array;$/;"	f	class:RVector
asin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float asin(final float value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
atan	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float atan(final float value) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
atan2	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float atan2(final float a, final float b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
autoNormal	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean autoNormal;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
b	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final float gray, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final float x, final float y, final float z, final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void background(final int rgb, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
background	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void background(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
backgroundColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int backgroundColor = 0xffCCCCCC;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
backgroundFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void backgroundFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
backgroundImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void backgroundImpl() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
backgroundImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void backgroundImpl(RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
backgroundImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void backgroundImpl() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
backupPosition	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private void backupPosition() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
beginCamera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void beginCamera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
beginCamera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void beginCamera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
beginContour	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void beginContour() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
beginContour	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void beginContour() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
beginDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public synchronized void beginDraw() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
beginDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void beginDraw() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
beginDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void beginDraw() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
beginRaw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void beginRaw(RainbowGraphics rawGraphics) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
beginShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void beginShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
beginShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void beginShape(final int kind) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
beginShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void beginShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
beginShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void beginShape(int kind) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
beginShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void beginShape(int kind) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
bezier	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void bezier(final float x1, final float y1, final float x2, final float y2, final float x3, final float y3, final float x4, final float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezier	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void bezier(final float x1,$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezier	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void bezier(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezier	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void bezier(float x1, float y1, float z1, float x2, float y2, float z2, float x3, float y3, float z3, float x4, float y4, float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierBasisInverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RMatrix3D bezierBasisInverse;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
bezierBasisMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private final RMatrix3D bezierBasisMatrix = new RMatrix3D(-1, 3, -3, 1, 3, -6, 3, 0, -3, 3, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0);$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
bezierDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void bezierDetail(final int detail) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezierDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int bezierDetail = 20;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
bezierDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void bezierDetail(int detail) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void bezierDetail(int detail) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
bezierDrawMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RMatrix3D bezierDrawMatrix;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
bezierInit	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void bezierInit() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierInitCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void bezierInitCheck() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierInited	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean bezierInited = false;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
bezierPoint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float bezierPoint(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezierPoint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float bezierPoint(float a, float b, float c, float d, float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierTangent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float bezierTangent(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezierTangent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float bezierTangent(float a, float b, float c, float d, float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void bezierVertex(final float x2, final float y2, final float x3, final float y3, final float x4, final float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezierVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void bezierVertex(final float x2, final float y2, final float z2, final float x3, final float y3, final float z3, final float x4, final float y4, final float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
bezierVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void bezierVertex(float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void bezierVertex(float x2, float y2, float z2, float x3, float y3, float z3, float x4, float y4, float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void bezierVertex(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
bezierVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void bezierVertex(float x2, float y2, float z2, float x3, float y3, float z3, float x4, float y4, float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
bezierVertexCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void bezierVertexCheck() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
bezierVertexCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void bezierVertexCheck(int shape, int vertexCount) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
binary	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String binary(final byte what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
binary	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String binary(final char what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
binary	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String binary(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
binary	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String binary(final int what, int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
bitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private Bitmap bitmap;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void blend(final RainbowImage src, final int sx, final int sy, final int sw, final int sh, final int dx, final int dy, final int dw, final int dh, final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
blend	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void blend(final int sx, final int sy, final int sw, final int sh, final int dx, final int dy, final int dw, final int dh, final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
blend	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void blend(RainbowImage src, int sx, int sy, int sw, int sh, int dx, int dy, int dw, int dh, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
blend	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void blend(int sx, int sy, int sw, int sh, int dx, int dy, int dw, int dh, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
blendColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public static int blendColor(final int c1, final int c2, final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
blendColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public static int blendColor(int c1, int c2, int mode) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
blendMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void blendMode(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
blendMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void blendMode(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
blend_add_pin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_add_pin(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_blend	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_blend(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_burn	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_burn(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_darkest	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_darkest(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_difference	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_difference(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_dodge	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_dodge(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_exclusion	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_exclusion(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_hard_light	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_hard_light(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_lightest	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_lightest(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_multiply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_multiply(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_overlay	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_overlay(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_screen	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_screen(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_soft_light	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_soft_light(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blend_sub_pin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int blend_sub_pin(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blit_resize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private void blit_resize(RainbowImage img, int srcX1, int srcY1, int srcX2, int srcY2, int[] destPixels, int screenW, int screenH, int destX1, int destY1, int destX2, int destY2, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
blue	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float blue(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
blue	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float blue(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
blurARGB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void blurARGB(float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
blurAlpha	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void blurAlpha(float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
blurKernel	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int[] blurKernel;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
blurKernelSize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int blurKernelSize;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
blurMult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int[][] blurMult;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
blurRGB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void blurRGB(float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
blurRadius	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int blurRadius;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
box	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void box(final float size) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
box	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void box(final float w, final float h, final float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
box	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void box(float size) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
box	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void box(float w, float h, float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
breakShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void breakShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
breakShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void breakShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
breakShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private boolean breakShape;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
breakShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void breakShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
brightness	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float brightness(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
brightness	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float brightness(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
buildBlurKernel	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void buildBlurKernel(float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
cLL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
cLR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
cUL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
cUR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
cacheHsbKey	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int cacheHsbKey;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
cacheHsbValue	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private final float[] cacheHsbValue = new float[3];$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
cacheMap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private final WeakHashMap<RainbowImage, Object> cacheMap = new WeakHashMap<RainbowImage, Object>();$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
cacheMap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected HashMap<RainbowGraphics, Object> cacheMap;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
calcA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float calcA;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcAi	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int calcAi;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcAlpha	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean calcAlpha;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float calcB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcBi	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int calcBi;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int calcColor;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float calcG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcGi	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int calcGi;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float calcR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
calcRi	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int calcRi;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
camera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void camera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
camera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void camera(final float eyeX, final float eyeY, final float eyeZ, final float centerX, final float centerY, final float centerZ, final float upX, final float upY, final float upZ) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
camera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void camera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
camera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void camera(float eyeX, float eyeY, float eyeZ, float centerX, float centerY, float centerZ, float upX, float upY, float upZ) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
canDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean canDraw() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
canPaint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private boolean canPaint(Canvas screen) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
cancel	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    public void cancel() {$/;"	m	class:SetupSketchTask
cancel	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public void cancel() {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
canvas	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private Canvas canvas;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
ceil	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int ceil(final float what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
changeStep	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public void changeStep(int step) {$/;"	m	class:EdgeDetector
changeTreshold	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public void changeTreshold(int threshold) {$/;"	m	class:EdgeDetector
checkSettings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void checkSettings() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
clear	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void clear() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
clear	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void clear() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
clip	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void clip(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
clip	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void clip(float a, float b, float c, float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
clipImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void clipImpl(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
clone	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public Object clone() throws CloneNotSupportedException { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(final float fgray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(final float fgray, final float falpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(final int gray, int alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(int gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(int x, int y, int z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final int color(int x, int y, int z, int a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(float gray) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(float gray, float alpha) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(float x, float y, float z) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(float x, float y, float z, float a) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(int gray) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(int gray, int alpha) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(int rgb, float alpha) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(int x, int y, int z) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
color	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final int color(int x, int y, int z, int a) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalc(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalc(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalc(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalc(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalc(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalc(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalcARGB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void colorCalcARGB(int argb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorCalcHSB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private void colorCalcHSB(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorCalcRGB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private void colorCalcRGB(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void colorMode(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void colorMode(final int mode, final float max) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void colorMode(final int mode, final float maxX, final float maxY, final float maxZ) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void colorMode(final int mode, final float maxX, final float maxY, final float maxZ, final float maxA) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int colorMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int colorMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void colorMode(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void colorMode(int mode, float max) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void colorMode(int mode, float maxX, float maxY, float maxZ) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void colorMode(int mode, float maxX, float maxY, float maxZ, float maxA) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
colorModeA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float colorModeA;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
colorModeA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float colorModeA;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorModeDefault	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean colorModeDefault;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorModeScale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean colorModeScale;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorModeX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float colorModeX;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
colorModeX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float colorModeX;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorModeY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float colorModeY;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
colorModeY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float colorModeY;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
colorModeZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float colorModeZ;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
colorModeZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float colorModeZ;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
com.juankysoriano.rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/androidTest/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/ApplicationTest.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/DrawingStepTask.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/ScreenUpdateTask.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/EdgeVertex.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/OnBlobDetectedCallback.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.blobdetector;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.edgedetector	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.cv.edgedetector;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.drawing	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.drawing;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.drawing	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.drawing;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.drawing	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.drawing;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.event	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.event;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.event	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.event;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.extra	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.extra;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.graphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.graphics;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.graphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.graphics;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.graphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.graphics;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.core.matrix;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/CaptureSketchUtils.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils;$/;"	p
com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^package com.juankysoriano.rainbow.utils;$/;"	p
computeBlobs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public void computeBlobs(final OnBlobDetectedCallback onBlobDetectedCallback) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
computeLuminance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private static void computeLuminance(float[] luminance, RainbowImage rainbowImage) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap	file:
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object concat(final Object a, final Object b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] concat(final String a[], final String b[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] concat(final boolean a[], final boolean b[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] concat(final byte a[], final byte b[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] concat(final char a[], final char b[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] concat(final float a[], final float b[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
concat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] concat(final int a[], final int b[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
constrain	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float constrain(final float amt, final float low, final float high) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
constrain	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int constrain(final int amt, final int low, final int high) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
copy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void copy(final RainbowImage src, final int sx, final int sy, final int sw, final int sh, final int dx, final int dy, final int dw, final int dh) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
copy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void copy(final int sx, final int sy, final int sw, final int sh, final int dx, final int dy, final int dw, final int dh) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
copy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void copy(int sx, int sy, int sw, int sh, int dx, int dy, int dw, int dh) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
copy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void copy(RainbowImage src, int sx, int sy, int sw, int sh, int dx, int dy, int dw, int dh) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
copy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void copy(int sx, int sy, int sw, int sh, int dx, int dy, int dw, int dh) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
cos	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    private final float cos(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D	file:
cos	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    private static final float cos(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D	file:
cos	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float cos(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
cosLUT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final float cosLUT[];$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
createGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RainbowGraphics createGraphics(final int iwidth, final int iheight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
createImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RainbowImage createImage(final int wide, final int high, final int format) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
createInput	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static InputStream createInput(Context context, final String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createInput	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static InputStream createInput(final File file) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createInputRaw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static InputStream createInputRaw(Context context, final String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createOutput	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static OutputStream createOutput(Context context, final String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createOutput	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static OutputStream createOutput(final File file) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createPath	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void createPath(final File file) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createPath	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void createPath(final String path) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
createStandaloneGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public static RainbowGraphics createStandaloneGraphics(final int width, final int height) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
cross	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector cross(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
cross	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector cross(RVector v, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
cross	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector cross(RVector v1, RVector v2, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
curve	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void curve(final float x1, final float y1, final float x2, final float y2, final float x3, final float y3, final float x4, final float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curve	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void curve(final float x1,$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curve	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void curve(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curve	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void curve(float x1, float y1, float z1, float x2, float y2, float z2, float x3, float y3, float z3, float x4, float y4, float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveBasisMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RMatrix3D curveBasisMatrix;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
curveCoordX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private float[] curveCoordX;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
curveCoordY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private float[] curveCoordY;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
curveDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void curveDetail(final int detail) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curveDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int curveDetail = 20;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
curveDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void curveDetail(int detail) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void curveDetail(int detail) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
curveDrawMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RMatrix3D curveDrawMatrix;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
curveDrawX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private float[] curveDrawX;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
curveDrawY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private float[] curveDrawY;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
curveInit	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void curveInit() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveInitCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void curveInitCheck() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveInited	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean curveInited = false;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
curvePoint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float curvePoint(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curvePoint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float curvePoint(float a, float b, float c, float d, float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveTangent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float curveTangent(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curveTangent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float curveTangent(float a, float b, float c, float d, float t) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveTightness	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void curveTightness(final float tightness) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curveTightness	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float curveTightness = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
curveTightness	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void curveTightness(float tightness) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveToBezierMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected RMatrix3D curveToBezierMatrix;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void curveVertex(final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curveVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void curveVertex(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
curveVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void curveVertex(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void curveVertex(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void curveVertex(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
curveVertexCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void curveVertexCheck() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertexCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void curveVertexCheck(int shape) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertexCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void curveVertexCheck() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
curveVertexCount	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected int curveVertexCount;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertexSegment	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void curveVertexSegment(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertexSegment	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void curveVertexSegment(float x1, float y1, float z1, float x2, float y2, float z2, float x3, float y3, float z3, float x4, float y4, float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
curveVertexSegment	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void curveVertexSegment(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
curveVertices	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float[][] curveVertices;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
defaultSettings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void defaultSettings() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
degrees	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float degrees(final float radians) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
destroy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void destroy() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
detectBlobs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void detectBlobs(OnBlobDetectedCallback onBlobDetectedCallback) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
determinant	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public float determinant();$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
determinant	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float determinant() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
determinant	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float determinant() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
determinant3x3	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    private float determinant3x3(float t00, float t01, float t02, float t10, float t11, float t12, float t20, float t21, float t22) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D	file:
dilate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void dilate(boolean isInverted) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
directionalLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void directionalLight(final float red, final float green, final float blue, final float nx, final float ny, final float nz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
directionalLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void directionalLight(float red, float green, float blue, float nx, float ny, float nz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
displayable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public boolean displayable() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
displayable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public boolean displayable() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
dispose	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void dispose() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
dispose	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void dispose() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
dist	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float dist(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
dist	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static float dist(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
dist	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float dist(final float x1, final float y1, final float x2, final float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
dist	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float dist(final float x1, final float y1, final float z1, final float x2, final float y2, final float z2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
div	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector div(RVector v, float n) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
div	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector div(RVector v, float n, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
div	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector div(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
div	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector div(RVector v1, RVector v2, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
div	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void div(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
div	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void div(float n) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
doProcessOnPoint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private void doProcessOnPoint(float x, float y, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
dot	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float dot(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
dot	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float dot(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
dot	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static float dot(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
drawPath	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    void drawPath() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
drawing	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    private boolean drawing;$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer	file:
drawingScheduler	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    private final ScheduledExecutorService drawingScheduler;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTaskScheduler	file:
drawingStepTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    private final DrawingStepTask drawingStepTask;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTaskScheduler	file:
drawingView	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private RainbowTextureView drawingView;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
edge	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void edge(final boolean edge) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
edge	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean edge = true;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
edge	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void edge(boolean edge) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
edgeVertexes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    private List<EdgeVertex> edgeVertexes;$/;"	f	class:Blob	file:
ellipse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ellipse(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ellipse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ellipse(float a, float b, float c, float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ellipseImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void ellipseImpl(float x, float y, float w, float h) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ellipseImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void ellipseImpl(float x, float y, float w, float h) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
ellipseMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ellipseMode(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ellipseMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int ellipseMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
ellipseMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int ellipseMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
ellipseMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ellipseMode(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
emissive	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void emissive(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
emissive	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void emissive(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
emissive	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void emissive(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
emissive	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void emissive(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
emissive	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void emissive(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
emissive	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void emissive(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
emissiveB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float emissiveR, emissiveG, emissiveB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
emissiveB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float emissiveB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
emissiveFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void emissiveFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
emissiveG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float emissiveR, emissiveG, emissiveB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
emissiveG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float emissiveG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
emissiveR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float emissiveR, emissiveG, emissiveB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
emissiveR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float emissiveR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
endCamera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void endCamera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
endCamera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void endCamera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
endContour	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void endContour() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
endContour	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void endContour() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
endDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public synchronized void endDraw() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
endDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void endDraw() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
endDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void endDraw() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
endPointsShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void endPointsShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
endPolygonShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void endPolygonShape(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
endRaw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void endRaw() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
endShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void endShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
endShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void endShape(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
endShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void endShape() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
endShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void endShape(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
endShape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void endShape(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
equals	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public boolean equals(Object obj) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
executorService	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private final ExecutorService executorService;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
exifOrientationToDegrees	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    private static int exifOrientationToDegrees(int exifOrientation, int cameraId) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils	file:
exp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float exp(final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object expand(final Object array) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object expand(final Object list, final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static RainbowImage[] expand(final RainbowImage list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static RainbowImage[] expand(final RainbowImage list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] expand(final String list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] expand(final String list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] expand(final boolean list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] expand(final boolean list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] expand(final byte list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] expand(final byte list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] expand(final char list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] expand(final char list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] expand(final float list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] expand(final float list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] expand(final int list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
expand	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] expand(final int list[], final int newSize) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
exploreLine	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    public void exploreLine(float px,$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer
exploreLine	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void exploreLine(float x1,$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
exploreNeighbours	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void exploreNeighbours(Blob newBlob, int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
extractPoints	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public void extractPoints(List<RVector> vertices, RainbowImage img) {$/;"	m	class:EdgeDetector
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fill(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fill(final float gray, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fill(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fill(final float x, final float y, final float z, final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fill(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fill(final int rgb, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public boolean fill;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public boolean fill;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void fill(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void fill(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void fill(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void fill(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void fill(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void fill(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fillA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float fillA;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
fillB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float fillB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
fillColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int fillColor;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
fillColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int fillColor = 0xffFFFFFF;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
fillFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void fillFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
fillFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void fillFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
fillG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float fillG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
fillPaint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private Paint fillPaint;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
fillR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float fillR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
fillShader	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void fillShader(Shader shader) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
filter	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void filter(final int kind) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
filter	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void filter(final int kind, final float param) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
filter	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void filter(int kind) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
filter	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void filter(int kind, float param) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
filterBlob	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/OnBlobDetectedCallback.java	/^    boolean filterBlob(Blob b);$/;"	m	interface:OnBlobDetectedCallback
filter_bilinear	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int filter_bilinear() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
filter_new_scanline	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private void filter_new_scanline() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
findBlobAt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void findBlobAt(int x, int y, OnBlobDetectedCallback onBlobDetectedCallback) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
findVertexes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void findVertexes(final Blob newBlob, final int x, final int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
fingerMoving	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private boolean fingerMoving;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
fingerPositionPredictor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private final FingerPositionSmoother fingerPositionPredictor;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
float_nf	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static NumberFormat float_nf;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
float_nf_commas	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static boolean float_nf_commas;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
float_nf_left	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static int float_nf_left, float_nf_right;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
float_nf_right	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static int float_nf_left, float_nf_right;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
floor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int floor(final float what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
flush	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    protected void flush() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
flush	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void flush() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
format	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int format;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
fracU	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
fracV	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
frameCount	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private int frameCount;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
frameCount	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public int frameCount() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
frameRate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private int frameRate = DEFAULT_FRAME_RATE;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
frameRate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public float frameRate() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
frameRate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void frameRate(final int newRateTarget) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
fromAngle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector fromAngle(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
fromAngle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector fromAngle(float angle, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
frustum	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void frustum(final float left, final float right, final float bottom, final float top, final float near, final float far) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
frustum	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void frustum(float left, float right, float bottom, float top, float near, float far) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
g	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RainbowImage get() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RainbowImage get(final int x, final int y, final int w, final int h) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public int get(final int x, final int y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public RainbowImage get() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public int get(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage get() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage get(int x, int y, int w, int h) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int get(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public RMatrix get();$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public float[] get(float[] target);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public RMatrix2D get() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float[] get(float[] target) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public RMatrix3D get() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float[] get(float[] target) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector get() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
get	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float[] get(float[] target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
getArea	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public float getArea() {$/;"	m	class:Blob
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public Bitmap getBitmap() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public Bitmap getBitmap() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, File file, int reqWidth, int reqHeight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, File file, int reqWidth, int reqHeight, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, String path, int reqWidth, int reqHeight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, String path, int reqWidth, int reqHeight, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, Uri uri, int reqWidth, int reqHeight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, Uri uri, int reqWidth, int reqHeight, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, int resId, int reqWidth, int reqHeight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Context context, int resId, int reqWidth, int reqHeight, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getBitmap(Drawable drawable) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getCache	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public Object getCache(final RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getCache	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public Object getCache(RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
getCenter	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public RVector getCenter() {$/;"	m	class:Blob
getContext	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public Context getContext() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getContext	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public Context getContext() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getDrawingView	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public RainbowTextureView getDrawingView() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getEdgeCount	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public int getEdgeCount() {$/;"	m	class:Blob
getEdgeVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public EdgeVertex getEdgeVertex(int edgeIndex) {$/;"	m	class:Blob
getFillPaint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public Paint getFillPaint() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
getFingerVelocity	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public float getFingerVelocity() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
getFingerVelocity	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getFingerVelocity() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RainbowGraphics getGraphics() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getHeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getHeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public float getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:Blob
getHeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
getHeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getHeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
getHorizontalDirection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public MovementDirection getHorizontalDirection() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void getImpl(int sourceX, int sourceY, int sourceWidth, int sourceHeight, RainbowImage target, int targetX, int targetY) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
getLuminanceAt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public float getLuminanceAt(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RMatrix getMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RMatrix2D getMatrix(final RMatrix2D target) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public RMatrix3D getMatrix(final RMatrix3D target) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public RMatrix getMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public RMatrix2D getMatrix(RMatrix2D target) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public RMatrix3D getMatrix(RMatrix3D target) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public RMatrix getMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
getMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public RMatrix2D getMatrix(RMatrix2D target) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
getMutableBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getMutableBitmap(Drawable drawable) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getNative	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public Object getNative() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getNative	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public Object getNative() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
getOldX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public float getOldX() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
getOldY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public float getOldY() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
getParentView	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public View getParentView() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getPhotoBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getPhotoBitmap(Context context, String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getPhotoBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static Bitmap getPhotoBitmap(Context context, String filename, int reqWidth, int reqHeight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getPixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public int[] getPixels() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getPreviousSmoothX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getPreviousSmoothX() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getPreviousSmoothY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getPreviousSmoothY() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getPreviousX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getPreviousX() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getPreviousY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getPreviousY() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getRainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public RainbowDrawer getRainbowDrawer() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getRainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public RainbowDrawer getRainbowDrawer() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getRainbowInputController	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public RainbowInputController getRainbowInputController() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getRotation	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowBitmapUtils.java	/^    public static int getRotation(String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowBitmapUtils
getSmoothX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getSmoothX() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getSmoothY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getSmoothY() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getStrokePaint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public Paint getStrokePaint() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
getStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    RainbowStyle getStyle(RainbowStyle s) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
getStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public RainbowStyle getStyle() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
getValue	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        public int getValue() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer.Precision
getVerticalDirection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public MovementDirection getVerticalDirection() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getWidth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
getWidth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    public float getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:Blob
getWidth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
getWidth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
getWidth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
getX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public float getX() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
getX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getX() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
getY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public float getY() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
getY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public float getY() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
graphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    private RainbowGraphics graphics;$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer	file:
green	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float green(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
green	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float green(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
handleDraw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void handleDraw() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
handleSketchEvent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void handleSketchEvent(final MotionEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
hasBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private boolean hasBitmap() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
hasGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public boolean hasGraphics() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
hasInteractionListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private boolean hasInteractionListener() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
hasScheduler	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean hasScheduler() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
hasTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    private boolean hasTask() {$/;"	m	class:SetupSketchTask	file:
hasToDetectMoreBlobs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private boolean hasToDetectMoreBlobs() {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
hashCode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
heading	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float heading() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
heading2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float heading2D() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
height	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private int height;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
height	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private final int height;$/;"	f	class:LuminanceMap	file:
height	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    private int height;$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer	file:
height	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int width, height;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
hex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String hex(final byte what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
hex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String hex(final char what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
hex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String hex(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
hex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public String hex(final int what, int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
high	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int high(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
hue	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float hue(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
hue	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float hue(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ifU	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
ifV	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
ih1	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
image	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void image(final RainbowImage image, final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final int u1, final int v1, final int u2, final int v2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
image	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void image(final RainbowImage image, final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
image	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void image(final RainbowImage image, final float x, final float y, final float c, final float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
image	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void image(RainbowImage image, float a, float b, float c, float d, int u1, int v1, int u2, int v2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
image	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void image(RainbowImage image, float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
image	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void image(RainbowImage image, float x, float y, float c, float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
imageImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void imageImpl(RainbowImage image, float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, int u1, int v1, int u2, int v2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
imageImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void imageImpl(RainbowImage src, float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, int u1, int v1, int u2, int v2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
imageImplDstRect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private RectF imageImplDstRect;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
imageImplSrcRect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private Rect imageImplSrcRect;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
imageMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void imageMode(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
imageMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int imageMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
imageMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int imageMode = CORNER;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
imageMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void imageMode(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
infallibleExploreNeighbours	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void infallibleExploreNeighbours(Blob newBlob, int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
init	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void init(int width, int height, int format) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
initBitmaps	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void initBitmaps() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
initDimensions	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void initDimensions() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
initInputControllerGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void initInputControllerGraphics(int width, int height) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
initPaints	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void initPaints() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
initPeriodicGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void initPeriodicGraphics(int width, int height) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
injectInto	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void injectInto(ViewGroup viewGroup) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
inputEventFor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private Runnable inputEventFor(final MotionEvent motionEvent) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
insertImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/CaptureSketchUtils.java	/^    public static Uri insertImage(ContentResolver cr,$/;"	m	class:CaptureSketchUtils
int_nf	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static NumberFormat int_nf;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
int_nf_commas	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static boolean int_nf_commas;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
int_nf_digits	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static int int_nf_digits;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath	file:
internalRandom	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static Random internalRandom;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
intersect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private boolean intersect(int sx1, int sy1, int sx2, int sy2, int dx1, int dy1, int dx2, int dy2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
invApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected boolean invApply(float n00,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invRotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected void invRotate(float angle, float v0, float v1, float v2) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invRotateX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected void invRotateX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invRotateY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected void invRotateY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invRotateZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected void invRotateZ(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invScale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected void invScale(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invTranslate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected void invTranslate(float tx, float ty, float tz) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
invalidate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void invalidate() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
inverseCopy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    protected RMatrix3D inverseCopy;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
invert	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public boolean invert();$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
invert	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public boolean invert() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
invert	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public boolean invert() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
isBlobEdge	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public boolean isBlobEdge(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
isDrawing	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public boolean isDrawing() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
isFingerMoving	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public boolean isFingerMoving() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
isGL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public boolean isGL() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
isGL	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public boolean isGL() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
isIdentity	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    protected boolean isIdentity() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
isIndexOutsideGrid	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private boolean isIndexOutsideGrid(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap	file:
isInsideBlob	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public boolean isInsideBlob(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
isLineGoingDown	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private boolean isLineGoingDown(float y, float py) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
isLineGoingLeft	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private boolean isLineGoingLeft(float x, float px) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
isLoaded	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public boolean isLoaded() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
isPaused	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public boolean isPaused() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
isResumed	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public boolean isResumed() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
isScreenTouched	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public boolean isScreenTouched() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
isSetup	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean isSetup = false;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
isStarted	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public boolean isStarted() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
isStopped	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public boolean isStopped() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
isTerminated	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    public boolean isTerminated() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTaskScheduler
isVSync	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public boolean isVSync() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
isVSyncDisabled	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/ScreenUpdateTask.java	/^    private boolean isVSyncDisabled() {$/;"	m	class:ScreenUpdateTask	file:
isVerticalLine	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private boolean isVerticalLine(float x, float px) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
isVisited	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private boolean isVisited(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
isVisited	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public boolean isVisited(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
isWarped	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    protected boolean isWarped() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
iw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
iw1	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
join	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String join(final String str[], final String separator) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
join	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String join(final String str[], final char separator) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
lerp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector lerp(RVector v1, RVector v2, float amt) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
lerp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void lerp(RVector v, float amt) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
lerp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void lerp(float x, float y, float z, float amt) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
lerp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float lerp(final float start, final float stop, final float amt) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
lerpColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public int lerpColor(final int c1, final int c2, final float amt) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
lerpColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public static int lerpColor(final int c1, final int c2, final float amt, final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
lerpColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int lerpColor(int c1, int c2, float amt) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
lerpColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static int lerpColor(int c1, int c2, float amt, int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
lerpColorHSB1	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static float[] lerpColorHSB1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
lerpColorHSB2	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static float[] lerpColorHSB2;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
lerpColorHSB3	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static float[] lerpColorHSB3;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
lightFalloff	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void lightFalloff(final float constant, final float linear, final float quadratic) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
lightFalloff	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void lightFalloff(float constant, float linear, float quadratic) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
lightSpecular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void lightSpecular(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
lightSpecular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void lightSpecular(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
lights	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void lights() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
lights	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void lights() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
limit	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void limit(float max) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
line	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void line(final float... vertex) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
line	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void line(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
line	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void line(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
line	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void line(float... vertex) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
line	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void line(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
line	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void line(float... vertex) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
listener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private final RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener;$/;"	f	class:LineExplorer	file:
ll	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
loadBytes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public byte[] loadBytes(Context context, final String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loadBytes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static byte[] loadBytes(final File file) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loadBytes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static byte[] loadBytes(final InputStream input) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(Bitmap bitmap, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(File file, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(File file, int width, int height, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(String path, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(String path, int width, int height, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(String path, int width, int height, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(Uri uri, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(Uri uri, int width, int height, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(Uri uri, int width, int height, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(int resID, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(int resID, int width, int height, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadImage(int resID, int width, int height, int mode, RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadPixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void loadPixels() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
loadPixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void loadPixels() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
loadPixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void loadPixels() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
loadStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static String[] loadStrings(Context context, final String filename) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loadStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static String[] loadStrings(final BufferedReader reader) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loadStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static String[] loadStrings(final File file) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loadStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static String[] loadStrings(final InputStream input) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
loaded	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public boolean loaded = false;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
log	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float log(final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
low	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int low(int a, int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
lr	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
luminanceMap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private final LuminanceMap luminanceMap;$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
luminanceThreshold	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private float luminanceThreshold;$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
luminanceValues	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private final float[] luminanceValues;$/;"	f	class:LuminanceMap	file:
m00	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix2D
m00	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02, m03;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m01	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix2D
m01	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02, m03;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m02	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix2D
m02	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02, m03;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m03	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m00, m01, m02, m03;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m10	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix2D
m10	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12, m13;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m11	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix2D
m11	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12, m13;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m12	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix2D
m12	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12, m13;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m13	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m10, m11, m12, m13;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m20	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m20, m21, m22, m23;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m21	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m20, m21, m22, m23;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m22	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m20, m21, m22, m23;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m23	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m20, m21, m22, m23;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m30	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m30, m31, m32, m33;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m31	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m30, m31, m32, m33;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m32	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m30, m31, m32, m33;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
m33	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float m30, m31, m32, m33;$/;"	f	class:RMatrix3D
mag	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float mag() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
mag	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float mag(final float a, final float b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
mag	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float mag(final float a, final float b, final float c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
magSq	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float magSq() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
map	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float map(final float value, final float istart, final float istop, final float ostart, final float ostop) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
mask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void mask(final RainbowImage alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
mask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void mask(final int alpha[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
mask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void mask(RainbowImage alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
mask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void mask(int alpha[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
maskAsVisited	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private void maskAsVisited(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection	file:
match	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] match(final String what, final String regexp) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
matchAll	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[][] matchAll(final String what, final String regexp) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
matchPattern	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static Pattern matchPattern(final String regexp) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
matchPatterns	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    protected static HashMap<String, Pattern> matchPatterns;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    private final float max(float a, float b) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D	file:
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    private static final float max(float a, float b) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D	file:
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float max(final float a, final float b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float max(final float a, final float b, final float c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float max(final float[] list) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int max(final int a, final int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int max(final int a, final int b, final int c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
max	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int max(final int[] list) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
maxNumberOfBlobs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private final int maxNumberOfBlobs;$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
min	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float min(final float a, final float b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
min	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float min(final float a, final float b, final float c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
min	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float min(final float[] list) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
min	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int min(final int a, final int b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
min	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int min(final int a, final int b, final int c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
min	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int min(final int[] list) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
mix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int mix(int a, int b, int f) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
modelX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float modelX(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
modelX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float modelX(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
modelY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float modelY(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
modelY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float modelY(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
modelZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float modelZ(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
modelZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float modelZ(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
modified	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected boolean modified;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
moveTo	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public void moveTo(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public RVector mult(RVector source, RVector target);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public float[] mult(float[] source, float[] target);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public RVector mult(RVector source, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float[] mult(float vec[], float out[]) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public RVector mult(RVector source, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float[] mult(float[] source, float[] target) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector mult(RVector v, float n) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector mult(RVector v, float n, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector mult(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector mult(RVector v1, RVector v2, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void mult(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
mult	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void mult(float n) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
multW	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multW(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multW	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multW(float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float multX(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
multX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multX(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multX(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multX(float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public float multY(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
multY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multY(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multY(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multY(float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multZ(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
multZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public float multZ(float x, float y, float z, float w) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
newInstance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    public static SafeScheduledExecutor newInstance() {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor
newInstance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    public static SafeScheduledExecutor newInstance(int corePoolSize) {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor
newInstance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    public static RainbowTaskScheduler newInstance(Rainbow rainbow) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTaskScheduler
newInstance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    public static SetupSketchTask newInstance(Rainbow rainbow) {$/;"	m	class:SetupSketchTask
newInstance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public static LuminanceMap newInstance(RainbowImage rainbowImage) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
newInstance	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public static RainbowInputController newInstance() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
nf	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nf(final float num, final int left, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nf	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nf(final int num, final int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nf	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nf(final float num[], final int left, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nf	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nf(final int num[], final int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nfc(final float num, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nfc(final int num) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nfc(final float num[], final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nfc(final int num[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nfp(final float num, final int left, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nfp(final int num, final int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nfp(final float num[], final int left, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nfp(final int num[], final int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nfs(final float num, final int left, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String nfs(final int num, final int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nfs(final float num[], final int left, final int right) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
nfs	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] nfs(final int num[], final int digits) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noClip	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noClip() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noClip	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noClip() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noFill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noFill() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noFill	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noFill() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noLights	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noLights() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noLights	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noLights() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noSmooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noSmooth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noSmooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noSmooth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noSmooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void noSmooth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
noStroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noStroke() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noStroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noStroke() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noTexture	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noTexture() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noTexture	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noTexture() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noTint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noTint() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noTint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void noTint() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
noVSync	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void noVSync() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
noise	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float noise(final float x) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noise	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float noise(final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noise	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float noise(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noiseDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public void noiseDetail(final int lod) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noiseDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public void noiseDetail(final int lod, final float falloff) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noiseSeed	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static void noiseSeed(final long what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
noise_fsc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    private static float noise_fsc(final float i) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath	file:
norm	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float norm(final float value, final float start, final float stop) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
normal	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void normal(final float nx, final float ny, final float nz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
normal	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void normal(float nx, float ny, float nz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
normalMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int normalMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
normalX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float normalX;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
normalY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float normalY;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
normalZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float normalZ;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
normalize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector normalize(RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
normalize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void normalize() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
numberOfBlobsDetected	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private int numberOfBlobsDetected;$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
obtainEventWithNewPosition	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private MotionEvent obtainEventWithNewPosition(@NonNull MotionEvent event, float newEventX, float newEventY) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
onBlobDetected	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/OnBlobDetectedCallback.java	/^    void onBlobDetected(Blob b);$/;"	m	interface:OnBlobDetectedCallback
onBlobDetectionFinish	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/OnBlobDetectedCallback.java	/^    void onBlobDetectionFinish();$/;"	m	interface:OnBlobDetectedCallback
onDrawingPause	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onDrawingPause() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onDrawingResume	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onDrawingResume() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onDrawingStart	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onDrawingStart() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onDrawingStep	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onDrawingStep() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onDrawingStop	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onDrawingStop() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onFingerDragged	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        void onFingerDragged(final MotionEvent event, final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer);$/;"	m	interface:RainbowInputController.RainbowInteractionListener
onLoadFail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^        void onLoadFail();$/;"	m	interface:RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener
onLoadSucceed	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^        void onLoadSucceed(RainbowImage image);$/;"	m	interface:RainbowImage.LoadPictureListener
onMotionEvent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        void onMotionEvent(final MotionEvent event, final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer);$/;"	m	interface:RainbowInputController.RainbowInteractionListener
onPointDetected	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        void onPointDetected(float px, float py, float x, float y, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer);$/;"	m	interface:RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener
onSketchDestroy	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onSketchDestroy() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onSketchReleased	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        void onSketchReleased(final MotionEvent event, final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer);$/;"	m	interface:RainbowInputController.RainbowInteractionListener
onSketchSetup	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void onSketchSetup() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
onSketchTouched	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^        void onSketchTouched(final MotionEvent event, final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer);$/;"	m	interface:RainbowInputController.RainbowInteractionListener
onSurfaceTextureListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private TextureView.SurfaceTextureListener onSurfaceTextureListener = new TextureView.SurfaceTextureListener() {$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
onTouchEvent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^    public boolean onTouchEvent(@NonNull final MotionEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTextureView
op	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    private int op = SCHARR;$/;"	f	class:EdgeDetector	file:
ortho	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ortho() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ortho	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ortho(final float left, final float right, final float bottom, final float top) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ortho	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void ortho(final float left, final float right, final float bottom, final float top, final float near, final float far) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
ortho	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ortho() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ortho	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ortho(float left, float right, float bottom, float top) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
ortho	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void ortho(float left, float right, float bottom, float top, float near, float far) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
paintParentBackground	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void paintParentBackground() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
paramMap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected HashMap<RainbowGraphics, Object> paramMap;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
parent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public Rainbow parent;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
parseBoolean	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean parseBoolean(final String what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseBoolean	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean parseBoolean(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseBoolean	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean[] parseBoolean(final String what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseBoolean	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean[] parseBoolean(final byte what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseBoolean	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean[] parseBoolean(final int what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte parseByte(final boolean what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte parseByte(final char what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte parseByte(final float what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte parseByte(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte[] parseByte(final boolean what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte[] parseByte(final char what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte[] parseByte(final float what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte[] parseByte(final int what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseByte	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float[] parseByte(final byte what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseChar	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public char parseChar(final byte what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseChar	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public char parseChar(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseChar	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public char[] parseChar(final byte what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseChar	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public char[] parseChar(final int what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseFloat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float parseFloat(final String what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseFloat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float parseFloat(final String what, final float otherwise) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseFloat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float parseFloat(final int what) { \/\/ also handles byte$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseFloat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float[] parseFloat(final String what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseFloat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float[] parseFloat(final String what[], final float missing) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseFloat	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float[] parseFloat(final int what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] parseInt(final String what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] parseInt(final String what[], final int missing) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] parseInt(final float what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int parseInt(final String what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int parseInt(final String what, final int otherwise) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int parseInt(final boolean what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int parseInt(final byte what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int parseInt(final char what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int parseInt(final float what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int[] parseInt(final boolean what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int[] parseInt(final byte what[]) { \/\/ note this unsigns$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
parseInt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int[] parseInt(final char what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
path	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private final Path path;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
pause	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void pause() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
paused	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean paused = true;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
peg	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private static int peg(int n) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage	file:
performDrawingStep	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void performDrawingStep() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
performMotion	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void performMotion(MotionEvent event, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
performMove	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void performMove(MotionEvent event, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
performRelease	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void performRelease(MotionEvent event, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
performStep	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void performStep() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
performTouch	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void performTouch(MotionEvent event, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
perlin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static float[] perlin;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perlinRandom	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static Random perlinRandom;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perlin_PI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static int perlin_PI;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perlin_TWOPI	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static int perlin_TWOPI;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perlin_amp_falloff	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static float perlin_amp_falloff = 0.5f; \/\/ 50% reduction\/octave$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perlin_cosTable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static float[] perlin_cosTable;$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perlin_octaves	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static int perlin_octaves = 4; \/\/ default to medium smooth$/;"	f	class:RainbowMath
perspective	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void perspective() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
perspective	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void perspective(final float fovy, final float aspect, final float zNear, final float zFar) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
perspective	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void perspective() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
perspective	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void perspective(float fovy, float aspect, float zNear, float zFar) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
pixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    private int[] pixels; \/\/ this value will be null until loadPixels() has been called.$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer	file:
pixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int[] pixels;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void point(final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void point(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void point(float... points) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void point(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void point(float... vertex) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void point(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
point	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void point(float... vertex) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
pointLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void pointLight(final float red, final float green, final float blue, final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
pointLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void pointLight(float red, float green, float blue, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
popMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void popMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
popMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void popMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
popMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void popMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
popStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void popStyle() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
popStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void popStyle() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
postEvent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public void postEvent(final MotionEvent motionEvent) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
postHandleEvent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void postHandleEvent() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
pow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float pow(final float a, final float b) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void preApply(RMatrix2D left);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void preApply(RMatrix3D left);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void preApply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n03,$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void preApply(float n00, float n01, float n02,$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void preApply(RMatrix2D left) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void preApply(RMatrix3D left) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void preApply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n03,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void preApply(float n00, float n01, float n02,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    preApply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n03, float n10, float n11, float n12, float n13, float n20, float n21, float n22, float n23, float n30, float n31, float n32, float n33) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void preApply(RMatrix2D left) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void preApply(RMatrix3D left) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
preApply	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void preApply(float n00, float n01, float n02, float n10, float n11, float n12) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
preHandleEvent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void preHandleEvent(MotionEvent motionEvent) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
precision	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private final int precision;$/;"	f	class:LineExplorer	file:
precision	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^        private final int precision;$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer.Precision	file:
previousDetectedX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private float previousDetectedX = NO_PREVIOUS;$/;"	f	class:LineExplorer	file:
previousDetectedY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private float previousDetectedY = NO_PREVIOUS;$/;"	f	class:LineExplorer	file:
primaryBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private Bitmap primaryBitmap;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
primarySurface	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected boolean primarySurface;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
printCamera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void printCamera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
printCamera	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void printCamera() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
printMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void printMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
printMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void printMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
printProjection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void printProjection() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
printProjection	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void printProjection() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
process	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void process(MotionEvent motionEvent) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
processLineGoingLeft	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private void processLineGoingLeft(float x, float px, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener, float k, float m) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
processLineGoingRight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private void processLineGoingRight(float x, float px, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener, float k, float m) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
processVerticalLine	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private void processVerticalLine(float x, float y, float py, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
processVerticalLineGoingDown	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private void processVerticalLineGoingDown(float x, float y, float py, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
processVerticalLineGoingUp	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private void processVerticalLineGoingUp(float x, float y, float py, RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer, RainbowDrawer.PointDetectedListener listener) {$/;"	m	class:LineExplorer	file:
pushMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void pushMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
pushMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void pushMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
pushMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void pushMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
pushStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void pushStyle() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
pushStyle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void pushStyle() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
px	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private float px, py;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
py	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private float px, py;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
quad	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void quad(final float x1, final float y1, final float x2, final float y2, final float x3, final float y3, final float x4, final float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
quad	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void quad(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
quad	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void quad(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3, float x4, float y4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
quadraticVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void quadraticVertex(final float cx, final float cy, final float cz, final float x3, final float y3, final float z3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
quadraticVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void quadraticVertex(final float cx, final float cy, final float x3, final float y3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
quadraticVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void quadraticVertex(float cx, float cy, float cz, float x3, float y3, float z3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
quadraticVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void quadraticVertex(float cx, float cy, float x3, float y3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
quadraticVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void quadraticVertex(float ctrlX, float ctrlY, float endX, float endY) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
quadraticVertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void quadraticVertex(float x2, float y2, float z2, float x4, float y4, float z4) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
quality	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected int quality;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
r	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int r, g, b, a;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
radians	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float radians(final float degrees) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
rainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^    private final Rainbow rainbow;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTextureView	file:
rainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
rainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/LineExplorer.java	/^    private final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer;$/;"	f	class:LineExplorer	file:
rainbowDrawer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private final RainbowDrawer rainbowDrawer;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
rainbowInputController	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private final RainbowInputController rainbowInputController;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
rainbowInteractionListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private RainbowInteractionListener rainbowInteractionListener;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
rainbowTaskScheduler	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private RainbowTaskScheduler rainbowTaskScheduler;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
rainbowWeakReference	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    private final WeakReference<Rainbow> rainbowWeakReference;$/;"	f	class:SetupSketchTask	file:
random	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float random(final float howbig) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
random	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float random(final float howsmall, final float howbig) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
random	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int random(final int howbig) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
random2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random2D() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random2D(RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random2D(RVector target, Rainbow parent) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random2D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random2D(Rainbow parent) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random3D() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random3D(RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random3D(RVector target, Rainbow parent) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
random3D	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector random3D(Rainbow parent) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
randomSeed	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static void randomSeed(final long what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
raw	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RainbowGraphics raw;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
reapplySettings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void reapplySettings() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rect(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rect(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rect(final float a, final float b, final float c, final float d, final float tl, final float tr, final float br, final float bl) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rect(float a, float b, float c, float d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rect(float a, float b, float c, float d, float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rect(float a, float b, float c, float d, float tl, float tr, float br, float bl) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rect	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private final RectF rect;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
rectImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void rectImpl(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rectImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void rectImpl(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float tl, float tr, float br, float bl) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rectImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void rectImpl(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
rectMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rectMode(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rectMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int rectMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
rectMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int rectMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
rectMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rectMode(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
recycle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void recycle() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
recycle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void recycle() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
red	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float red(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
red	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float red(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
releasePrimaryBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void releasePrimaryBitmap() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
removeCache	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void removeCache(final RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
removeCache	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void removeCache(RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
removeSketchInteractionListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public void removeSketchInteractionListener() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
reset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void reset() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
reset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public void reset() {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
reset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void reset();$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
reset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void reset() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
reset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void reset() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
reset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void reset() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
resetMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void resetMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
resetMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void resetMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
resetMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void resetMatrix() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
resetTo	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    public void resetTo(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother
resize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public RainbowGraphics2D resize(int wide, int high) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
resize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public RainbowImage resize(int w, int h) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
restoreView	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowTextureView.java	/^    public void restoreView() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTextureView
resume	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void resume() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
resumed	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean resumed = false;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object reverse(final Object list) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] reverse(final String list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] reverse(final boolean list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] reverse(final byte list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] reverse(final char list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] reverse(final float list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
reverse	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] reverse(final int list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rotate(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rotate(final float angle, final float vx, final float vy, final float vz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle, float vx, float vy, float vz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle, float v0, float v1, float v2);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle, float v0, float v1, float v2) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void rotate(float angle, float v0, float v1, float v2) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
rotate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void rotate(float theta) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
rotateX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rotateX(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rotateX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rotateX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rotateX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void rotateX(float angle);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
rotateX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void rotateX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
rotateX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void rotateX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
rotateY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rotateY(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rotateY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rotateY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rotateY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void rotateY(float angle);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
rotateY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void rotateY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
rotateY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void rotateY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
rotateZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void rotateZ(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
rotateZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void rotateZ(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
rotateZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void rotateZ(float angle);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
rotateZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void rotateZ(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
rotateZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void rotateZ(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
round	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final int round(final float what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
run	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^        public void run() {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor.LogOnExceptionRunnable
run	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/DrawingStepTask.java	/^    public void run() {$/;"	m	class:DrawingStepTask
run	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/ScreenUpdateTask.java	/^    public void run() {$/;"	m	class:ScreenUpdateTask
sX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
sY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
saturation	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public final float saturation(final int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
saturation	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public final float saturation(int what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
save	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public Uri save(final String title, final String description) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
save	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public Uri save(ContentResolver contentResolver, String title, String description) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
save	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public boolean save(String path) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
saveBytes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void saveBytes(Context context, final String filename, final byte buffer[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveBytes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void saveBytes(final File file, final byte buffer[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveBytes	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void saveBytes(final OutputStream output, final byte buffer[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveFile	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static File saveFile(Context context, final String where) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
savePath	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static String savePath(Context context, final String where) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStream	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static boolean saveStream(Context context, final File targetFile, final String sourceLocation) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStream	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static boolean saveStream(Context context, final String targetFilename, final InputStream sourceStream) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStream	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static boolean saveStream(Context context, final String targetFilename, final String sourceLocation) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStream	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static boolean saveStream(final File targetFile, final InputStream sourceStream) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void saveStrings(Context context, final String filename, final String strings[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void saveStrings(final File file, final String strings[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
saveStrings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static void saveStrings(final OutputStream output, final String strings[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void scale(final float s) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void scale(final float sx, final float sy) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void scale(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void scale(float s) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void scale(float sx, float sy) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void scale(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void scale(float s) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void scale(float sx, float sy) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void scale(float s);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void scale(float sx, float sy);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void scale(float x, float y, float z);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void scale(float s) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void scale(float sx, float sy) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void scale(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void scale(float s) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void scale(float sx, float sy) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
scale	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void scale(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
scheduleAt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    public void scheduleAt(int frameRate) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTaskScheduler
scheduleAtFixedRate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    public ScheduledFuture scheduleAtFixedRate(Runnable command, long initialDelay, long period, TimeUnit unit) {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor
scheduleWithFixedDelay	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    public ScheduledFuture scheduleWithFixedDelay(Runnable command, long initialDelay, long delay, TimeUnit unit) {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor
screenPoint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private float[] screenPoint;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
screenTouched	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private boolean screenTouched;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
screenUpdateScheduler	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    private final ScheduledExecutorService screenUpdateScheduler;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTaskScheduler	file:
screenUpdateTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    private final ScreenUpdateTask screenUpdateTask;$/;"	f	class:RainbowTaskScheduler	file:
screenX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float screenX(final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
screenX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float screenX(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
screenX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float screenX(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
screenX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float screenX(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
screenX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public float screenX(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
screenY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float screenY(final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
screenY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float screenY(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
screenY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float screenY(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
screenY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float screenY(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
screenY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public float screenY(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
screenZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public float screenZ(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
screenZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float screenZ(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
serialVersionUID	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -6717872085945400694L;$/;"	f	class:RVector	file:
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void set(final int x, final int y, final RainbowImage img) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void set(final int x, final int y, final int c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void set(int x, int y, RainbowImage src) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void set(int x, int y, int argb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void set(int x, int y, RainbowImage img) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void set(int x, int y, int c) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void set(RMatrix src);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void set(float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03,$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void set(float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void set(float[] source);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void set(RMatrix RMatrix) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void set(RMatrix3D src) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void set(float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void set(float m00, float m01, float m02,$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void set(float[] source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void set(RMatrix RMatrix) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void set(float m00, float m01, float m02, float m03, float m10, float m11, float m12, float m13, float m20, float m21, float m22, float m23, float m30, float m31, float m32, float m33) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void set(float m00, float m01, float m02, float m10, float m11, float m12) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void set(float[] source) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void set(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void set(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
set	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void set(float[] source) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
setBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void setBitmap(Bitmap bitmap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
setBitmap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void setBitmap(Bitmap bitmap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
setCache	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void setCache(final RainbowImage image, final Object storage) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
setCache	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setCache(RainbowImage image, Object storage) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setGraphics	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void setGraphics(RainbowGraphics graphics) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
setImpl	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    protected void setImpl(RainbowImage sourceImage, int sourceX, int sourceY, int sourceWidth, int sourceHeight, int targetX, int targetY) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
setLoaded	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void setLoaded() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
setMag	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public RVector setMag(RVector target, float len) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
setMag	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void setMag(float len) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void setMatrix(final RMatrix source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void setMatrix(final RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void setMatrix(final RMatrix3D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setMatrix(RMatrix source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setMatrix(RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setMatrix(RMatrix3D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setMatrix	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void setMatrix(RMatrix2D source) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
setModified	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void setModified() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
setOperator	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    public void setOperator(int operator) {$/;"	m	class:EdgeDetector
setParent	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setParent(Rainbow parent) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setPrimary	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setPrimary(boolean primary) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setRainbowInteractionListener	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    public void setRainbowInteractionListener(RainbowInteractionListener rainbowInteractionListener) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController
setSize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void setSize(int w, int h) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
setSize	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void setSize(int iwidth, int iheight) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
setThreshold	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    public void setThreshold(float value) {$/;"	m	class:BlobDetection
settingsInited	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private boolean settingsInited;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
setupDrawingSurface	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void setupDrawingSurface(RainbowGraphics graphics) {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
setupSketch	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void setupSketch() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
setupSketchTask	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private SetupSketchTask setupSketchTask;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
shape	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected int shape;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
shapeMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int shapeMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
shapeMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int shapeMode;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
shearX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void shearX(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
shearX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void shearX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
shearX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void shearX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
shearX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void shearX(float angle);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
shearX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void shearX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
shearX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void shearX(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
shearY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void shearY(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
shearY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void shearY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
shearY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void shearY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
shearY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void shearY(float angle);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
shearY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void shearY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
shearY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void shearY(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
shininess	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void shininess(final float shine) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
shininess	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float shininess;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
shininess	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float shininess;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
shininess	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void shininess(float shine) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object shorten(final Object list) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] shorten(final String list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] shorten(final boolean list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] shorten(final byte list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] shorten(final char list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] shorten(final float list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
shorten	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] shorten(final int list[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
showDepthWarning	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static void showDepthWarning(String method) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
showDepthWarningXYZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static void showDepthWarningXYZ(String method) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
showException	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static void showException(String msg) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
showMethodWarning	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static void showMethodWarning(String method) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
showMissingWarning	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static void showMissingWarning(String method) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
showVariationWarning	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static void showVariationWarning(String str) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
showWarning	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static void showWarning(String msg) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
shutDownExecutioner	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private void shutDownExecutioner() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow	file:
shutdown	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/RainbowTaskScheduler.java	/^    public void shutdown() throws InterruptedException {$/;"	m	class:RainbowTaskScheduler
sin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    private final float sin(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D	file:
sin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    private static final float sin(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D	file:
sin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float sin(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sinLUT	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public static final float[] sinLUT;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
sketchFile	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static File sketchFile(Context context, final String where) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
sketchPath	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowIO.java	/^    public static String sketchPath(Context context, final String where) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowIO
smooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void smooth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
smooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void smooth(final int level) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
smooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public boolean smooth = false;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
smooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void smooth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
smooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void smooth(int level) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
smooth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void smooth() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] sort(final String what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] sort(final String[] what, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] sort(final byte what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] sort(final byte[] what, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] sort(final char what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] sort(final char[] what, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] sort(final float what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] sort(final float[] what, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] sort(final int what[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sort	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] sort(final int[] what, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
specular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void specular(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
specular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void specular(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
specular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void specular(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
specular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void specular(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
specular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void specular(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
specular	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void specular(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
specularB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float specularR, specularG, specularB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
specularB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float specularB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
specularFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void specularFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
specularG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float specularR, specularG, specularB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
specularG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float specularG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
specularR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float specularR, specularG, specularB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
specularR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float specularR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
sphere	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void sphere(final float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
sphere	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void sphere(float r) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
sphereDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void sphereDetail(final int res) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
sphereDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void sphereDetail(final int ures, final int vres) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
sphereDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void sphereDetail(int res) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
sphereDetail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void sphereDetail(int ures, int vres) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
sphereDetailU	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int sphereDetailU = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
sphereDetailV	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int sphereDetailV = 0;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
sphereX	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float[] sphereX;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
sphereY	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float[] sphereY;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
sphereZ	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float[] sphereZ;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public Object splice(final Object list, final Object v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] splice(final String list[], final String v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] splice(final String list[], final String v[], final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean[] splice(final boolean list[], final boolean v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public boolean[] splice(final boolean list[], final boolean v[], final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte[] splice(final byte list[], final byte v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public byte[] splice(final byte list[], final byte v[], final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public char[] splice(final char list[], final char v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public char[] splice(final char list[], final char v[], final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float[] splice(final float list[], final float v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public float[] splice(final float list[], final float v[], final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int[] splice(final int list[], final int v, final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splice	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public int[] splice(final int list[], final int v[], final int index) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splineForward	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void splineForward(int segments, RMatrix3D matrix) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
split	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] split(final String what, final String delim) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
split	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] split(final String what, final char delim) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
splitIntoMultipleEvents	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private void splitIntoMultipleEvents(@NonNull MotionEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowInputController	file:
splitTokens	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] splitTokens(final String what, final String delim) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
spotLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void spotLight(final float red,$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
spotLight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void spotLight(float red, float green, float blue, float x, float y, float z, float nx, float ny, float nz, float angle, float concentration) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
sq	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float sq(final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
sqrt	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float sqrt(final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
srcBuffer	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int[] srcBuffer;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
srcXOffset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int srcXOffset, srcYOffset;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
srcYOffset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int srcXOffset, srcYOffset;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
start	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void start() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
start	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    public void start() {$/;"	m	class:SetupSketchTask
started	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean started = false;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
step	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    private int step = 4;$/;"	f	class:EdgeDetector	file:
stop	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    public void stop() {$/;"	m	class:Rainbow
stopped	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean stopped = true;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
storeThumbnail	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/CaptureSketchUtils.java	/^    private static Bitmap storeThumbnail($/;"	m	class:CaptureSketchUtils	file:
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String str(final boolean x) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String str(final byte x) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String str(final char x) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String str(final float x) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String str(final int x) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] str(final boolean x[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] str(final byte x[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] str(final char x[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] str(final float x[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
str	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static final public String[] str(final int x[]) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void stroke(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void stroke(final float gray, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void stroke(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void stroke(final float x, final float y, final float z, final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void stroke(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void stroke(final int rgb, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public boolean stroke;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public boolean stroke;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void stroke(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void stroke(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void stroke(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void stroke(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void stroke(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
stroke	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void stroke(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float strokeA;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
strokeB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float strokeB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
strokeCap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void strokeCap(final int cap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
strokeCap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int strokeCap;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
strokeCap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int strokeCap = DEFAULT_STROKE_CAP;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeCap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void strokeCap(int cap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeCap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void strokeCap(int cap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
strokeColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int strokeColor;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
strokeColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int strokeColor = 0xff000000;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void strokeFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void strokeFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
strokeG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float strokeG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
strokeJoin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void strokeJoin(final int join) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
strokeJoin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int strokeJoin;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
strokeJoin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int strokeJoin = DEFAULT_STROKE_JOIN;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeJoin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void strokeJoin(int join) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeJoin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void strokeJoin(int join) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
strokePaint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private Paint strokePaint;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
strokeR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float strokeR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
strokeShader	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void strokeShader(Shader shader) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
strokeWeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void strokeWeight(final float weight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
strokeWeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public float strokeWeight;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
strokeWeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public float strokeWeight = DEFAULT_STROKE_WEIGHT;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeWeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void strokeWeight(float weight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
strokeWeight	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void strokeWeight(float weight) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
style	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void style(final RainbowStyle s) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
style	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void style(RainbowStyle s) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
styleStack	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RainbowStyle[] styleStack = new RainbowStyle[STYLE_STACK_DEPTH];$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
styleStackDepth	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int styleStackDepth;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
sub	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector sub(RVector v1, RVector v2) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
sub	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public static RVector sub(RVector v1, RVector v2, RVector target) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
sub	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void sub(RVector v) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
sub	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public void sub(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RVector
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object subset(final Object list, final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static Object subset(final Object list, final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] subset(final String list[], final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] subset(final String list[], final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] subset(final boolean list[], final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static boolean[] subset(final boolean list[], final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] subset(final byte list[], final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static byte[] subset(final byte list[], final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] subset(final char list[], final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static char[] subset(final char list[], final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] subset(final float list[], final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static float[] subset(final float list[], final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] subset(final int list[], final int start) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
subset	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static int[] subset(final int list[], final int start, final int count) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
surfaceReady	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private boolean surfaceReady;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
tan	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    private final float tan(float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D	file:
tan	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static final float tan(final float angle) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
task	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/SetupSketchTask.java	/^    private AsyncTask<Void, Void, Void> task;$/;"	f	class:SetupSketchTask	file:
texture	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void texture(final RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
texture	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void texture(RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
texture	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void texture(RainbowImage image) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
textureImage	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private RainbowImage textureImage = null;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
textureMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void textureMode(final int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
textureMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private int textureMode = IMAGE;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
textureMode	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void textureMode(int mode) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
textureU	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float textureU;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
textureV	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float textureV;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
textureWrap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void textureWrap(final int wrap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
textureWrap	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void textureWrap(int wrap) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
theRunnable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^        private Runnable theRunnable;$/;"	f	class:SafeScheduledExecutor.LogOnExceptionRunnable	file:
threadGroup	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/BlobDetection.java	/^    private final ThreadGroup threadGroup = new ThreadGroup("BLOB");$/;"	f	class:BlobDetection	file:
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void tint(final float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void tint(final float gray, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void tint(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void tint(final float x, final float y, final float z, final float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void tint(final int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void tint(final int rgb, final float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public boolean tint;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public boolean tint;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void tint(float gray) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void tint(float gray, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void tint(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void tint(float x, float y, float z, float a) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void tint(int rgb) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void tint(int rgb, float alpha) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tintA	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float tintA;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
tintB	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float tintB;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
tintColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/extra/RainbowStyle.java	/^    public int tintColor;$/;"	f	class:RainbowStyle
tintColor	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public int tintColor;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
tintFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected void tintFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
tintFromCalc	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    protected void tintFromCalc() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
tintG	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float tintG;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
tintPaint	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private Paint tintPaint;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
tintR	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private float tintR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
toString	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	class:RVector
transform	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private final float[] transform;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void translate(final float tx, final float ty) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void translate(final float tx, final float ty, final float tz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty, float tz) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty, float tz);$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void translate(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
translate	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void translate(float tx, float ty, float tz) {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
transpose	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix.java	/^    public void transpose();$/;"	m	interface:RMatrix
transpose	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix2D.java	/^    public void transpose() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix2D
transpose	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RMatrix3D.java	/^    public void transpose() {$/;"	m	class:RMatrix3D
treshold	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/edgedetector/EdgeDetector.java	/^    private int treshold = 140;$/;"	f	class:EdgeDetector	file:
triangle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void triangle(final float x1, final float y1, final float x2, final float y2, final float x3, final float y3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
triangle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void triangle(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
triangle	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void triangle(float x1, float y1, float x2, float y2, float x3, float y3) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
trim	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String trim(final String str) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
trim	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    public static String[] trim(final String[] array) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
u1	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
u2	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
ul	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
unbinary	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public int unbinary(final String what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
unhex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/utils/RainbowMath.java	/^    static public int unhex(final String what) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowMath
updatePixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void updatePixels() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
updatePixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void updatePixels(final int x1, final int y1, final int x2, final int y2) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
updatePixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void updatePixels() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
updatePixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void updatePixels(int x, int y, int c, int d) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
updatePixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void updatePixels() { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
updatePixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public void updatePixels(int x, int y, int w, int h) { \/\/ ignore$/;"	m	class:RainbowImage
updatePosition	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private void updatePosition() {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
updateScreenIfVSync	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/DrawingStepTask.java	/^    private void updateScreenIfVSync() {$/;"	m	class:DrawingStepTask	file:
updateVelocity	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private void updateVelocity(float newX, float newY) {$/;"	m	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
ur	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int ul, ll, ur, lr, cUL, cLL, cUR, cLR;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
v1	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
v2	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    private int fracU, ifU, fracV, ifV, u1, u2, v1, v2, sX, sY, iw, iw1, ih1;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage	file:
vSync	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    private boolean vSync;$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer	file:
vSync	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void vSync() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void vertex(final float x, final float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void vertex(final float x, final float y, final float u, final float v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void vertex(final float x, final float y, final float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void vertex(final float x, final float y, final float z, final float u, final float v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    public void vertex(final float[] v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowDrawer
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void vertex(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void vertex(float x, float y, float u, float v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void vertex(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void vertex(float x, float y, float z, float u, float v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    public void vertex(float[] v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertex	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    public void vertex(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D
vertexCheck	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void vertexCheck() {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertexCount	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected int vertexCount; \/\/ total number of vertices$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
vertexLines	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexLines(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertexPolygon	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexPolygon(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertexQuadStrip	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexQuadStrip(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertexQuads	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexQuads(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertexTexture	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    void vertexTexture(float u, float v) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics
vertexTriangleFan	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexTriangleFan(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertexTriangleStrip	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexTriangleStrip(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertexTriangles	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics2D.java	/^    private void vertexTriangles(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:RainbowGraphics2D	file:
vertices	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    protected float vertices[][] = new float[DEFAULT_VERTICES][VERTEX_FIELD_COUNT];$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics
visit	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    public void visit(int x, int y) {$/;"	m	class:LuminanceMap
visitedPixels	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private final boolean[] visitedPixels;$/;"	f	class:LuminanceMap	file:
warnings	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowGraphics.java	/^    private static HashMap<String, Object> warnings;$/;"	f	class:RainbowGraphics	file:
weakRainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/DrawingStepTask.java	/^    private final WeakReference<Rainbow> weakRainbow;$/;"	f	class:DrawingStepTask	file:
weakRainbow	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/ScreenUpdateTask.java	/^    private final WeakReference<Rainbow> weakRainbow;$/;"	f	class:ScreenUpdateTask	file:
width	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/Rainbow.java	/^    private int width;$/;"	f	class:Rainbow	file:
width	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/LuminanceMap.java	/^    private final int width;$/;"	f	class:LuminanceMap	file:
width	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/drawing/RainbowDrawer.java	/^    private int width;$/;"	f	class:RainbowDrawer	file:
width	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/graphics/RainbowImage.java	/^    public int width, height;$/;"	f	class:RainbowImage
wrapRunnable	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/SafeScheduledExecutor.java	/^    private Runnable wrapRunnable(Runnable command) {$/;"	m	class:SafeScheduledExecutor	file:
x	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/EdgeVertex.java	/^    public float x, y;$/;"	f	class:EdgeVertex
x	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private float x;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
x	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private float x, y;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
x	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float x;$/;"	f	class:RVector
xMax	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    private float xMin, xMax, yMin, yMax;$/;"	f	class:Blob	file:
xMin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    private float xMin, xMax, yMin, yMax;$/;"	f	class:Blob	file:
xOld	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private float xOld;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
xVel	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private float xVel;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
y	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/EdgeVertex.java	/^    public float x, y;$/;"	f	class:EdgeVertex
y	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private float y;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
y	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/RainbowInputController.java	/^    private float x, y;$/;"	f	class:RainbowInputController	file:
y	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float y;$/;"	f	class:RVector
yMax	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    private float xMin, xMax, yMin, yMax;$/;"	f	class:Blob	file:
yMin	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/cv/blobdetector/Blob.java	/^    private float xMin, xMax, yMin, yMax;$/;"	f	class:Blob	file:
yOld	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private float yOld;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
yVel	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/event/FingerPositionSmoother.java	/^    private float yVel;$/;"	f	class:FingerPositionSmoother	file:
z	rainbow-lib/src/main/java/com/juankysoriano/rainbow/core/matrix/RVector.java	/^    public float z;$/;"	f	class:RVector
